"Because all of you of Earth are idiots!" shouted Tom, wearily wiping the glass counter, removing coconut oil from the reflections of overpriced candy bars
Inside the theater the movie echoed him: "Because all of you of Earth are idiots!"Tom sighed, not for the first time that evening
The Manager, who paid in cash every Sunday, had decided to take advantage of the bizarre tastes of his Generation X clients and offer an Ed Wood film festival. 
Bride of the Monster, Plan 9 From Outer Space, and Night of the Ghouls ran on the second, smaller screen on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday, two bucks a head. 
The Manager was making a killing.Tom, who needed the job in order to move out of his parents' trailer home, found little about the Ed Wood canon amusing, although it was light-years beyond anything by Coleman Francis
Even so, Tom had been forced to hear the dialog of each film, on Friday, Saturday, and Sunday
He only had to watch them once, having filled in for the Manager's weasel-featured nephew/projectionist Neoldner, who had called in sick to buy grass in Beloit
But he would have been able to forget the experience had it not been for the penetrating soundtrack which bled into the lobby
The ordeal, for tonight, was almost over - the concession stand closed after Plan 9. 
He hoped he had sold enough to keep his job - there was the worry that the Manager would increase his profit margin by manning the concession stand himself. 
But the Manager strolled out of the second theater with a broad grin, revealing his cutting overbite."I don't know why," the Manager exclaimed, "but they love it!""Most of them are from the 'Ed 9 Film Society,'" Tom replied. 
"By the way, I need to restock the chocolates.""Congratulations, jackass, you just got us sued."My editor, Sharon, was standing in front of my desk. 
She was apparently not happy.I shrugged, slouching further down in my chair, trying to hide from her gigantic crazy eyes behind my computer. 
It was a white laptop with a sticker that said "This Machine Kills Yuppies" slapped over the corporate logo on back.She reached out with one of her freakish man-hands and slammed the screen shut. 
"Let me try this again. 
You just got us sued six times over."Sharon Sinclair was a six-foot-tall beast of a woman with a huge mane of wiry black and gray hair pulled back in a pony tail. 
I had every confidence that she could tear me in two and use my bloody carcass in some kinky hedonistic lesbian cult ritual or something. 
So I usually tried to choose my words with the appropriate care around her."Jesus-fucking-Christ, I haven't even had my morning coffee yet, and my head's still reeling from the Louisville Slugger that pummeled it last night. 
So I really don't feel like dealing with whatever annoying hormonal episode you have going on here."She glared at me silently, watching me squirm a little before asking, "Are you done?""Probably.""Good," she said with a suppressed grin as she took a seat next to me. 
"Because I just let you publicly accuse the mayor and the valley's most powerful corporations of conspiring to defraud the taxpayers. 
So what's your plan for keeping my ass off the firing line?"I tilted back in my chair and met Sharon's gaze. 
"Look, we knew we'd get a strong reaction. 
Let them sue. 
We have e-mails to back us up.""These legal briefings say your e-mails were forged," she responded, waving a thick stack of papers in my face."Of course they're gonna say that. 
That's why I made sure to get corroboration. 
Abrasax confirmed that the e-mails between Dylan Maxwell and City Hall are legit. 
But you know all this, so I don't know why we're wasting time going over it again.""Did you ever have one of those days," inquired Julia of her cat, Cecil, who lay in the crook of her arm and was pushing his head into the fingers of Julia's right hand, "when you think you've noticed something everyone else has missed?"Cecil didn't respond directly, but instead rubbed the side of his cheeks against the spine of Gravity's Rainbow which Julia held lopsidedly in her left hand."Pynchon keeps bleating about the preterit, right?" Cecil, who began licking his paw and washing his face, did not respond. 
"-and the elect who are out to destroy them, but he's the one who's treating his characters savagely. 
I mean, how can you go off on God for malpractice when you treat your characters like you treat cockroaches?" Cecil looked at her for a moment, and resumed washing."OK, listen to this: 'Nobody ever said a day has to be juggled into any kind of sense at day's end.' I can see that. 
But I don't throw you against the wall and call the universe evil, do I?" Cecil snorted a tiny snort through his nostrils."But as far as making trying to make sense of everything... 
I can see that. 
That's why I wonder sometimes. 
Like about Uncle Justin," she continued, aware that Cecil was now standing, arching his back, and attempting to find a comfortable position on her stomach, "who was a science teacher for twenty-two years, who gave up everything, just because... 
you know..."Julia shook her head and returned the book to its level reading elevation.As a matter of interest, Cecil did not know, but was content enough to curl up again, feeling Julia's hand press against his fur, causing his throat to vibrate with greater volume. 
That is, until the book slipped and roundly thumped Cecil on the head.""Hey, guy.""No, this is Ray." He smiled, leaned back in his chair.It was, of course, Pete. 
Pete was the night shift guy at Crossroads Detox across town. 
Ray called it the Jesus Shop because it was wholly supported by a contingent of local churches who saw addicts as a potential ministry.Apparently Jesus saved--not only from sin and hell, but also from Dark Eyed Jim Beam.Pete was a relatively innocuous born again fundie who volunteered his time two or three nights a week. 
When he was not saving the world, his Clark Kent was actually a steady CPA job with the local H&R Block. 
He'd been pulling shifts for about six months, knew nothing about drugs beyond that bad people used them to escape their problems and that they were tools of Satan, and he always needed Ray's advice about one thing or another. 
This arrangement was not problematic as Pete had long ago given up trying to convert him. 
Pete was also the only guy in the city who was, as Ray figured it, making less money than he was at such an hour. 
In return for Ray's magnanimity, Pete had done Ray's taxes for free last year.They had never actually met, though Ray had faxed him the tax forms and Pete had faxed back a photo of his two pre-teen daughters and his geriatric Lab."What's the problem?" Ray asked."I have a recalcitrant."That's what he called them, the drunk and definitely disorderly. 
Pete's vocabulary did not include the word shithead either in its singular or plural."Pete, they're all like that. 
Alcohol is bad medicine. 
That's why places like ours are in business. 
To make them calcitrant.""I know that." Pete sounded a little annoyed.There was some commotion in the background, a knocking on doors.""Hon? You still awake?"Quiet.Jan pulled herself out of the bed and stood up, looking around the dark room for anything. 
She needed something, something that she could grab onto, and hold, hold until it hurt, hold until blood made racing red lines down her arms, until her hands were raw. 
She left the room and walked quietly into the now guest room that had been Rob's. 
Opening the closet, she found the teddy bear that Rob had once confided in and held it in her arms tight as she slumped down on the bed. 
A quiet sobbing rang through the house accompanied only by the chime of the grandfather clock in the living room every fifteen minutes. 
As Jan lay on the guest room bed she soon resorted to deep gasps, knowing that meager tears would never be forceful enough to express her worry to those that listened. 
"Just bring him home, bring him home, bring him home," she mumbled over and over, each time changing the tone slightly in a desperate attempt to make her pleading sound more real.She could hear the occasional snore of her husband and she hated him for it. 
What kind of person could find sleep at a time like this? Why wasn't he awake worrying? Why wasn't he with her? Her thoughts became dark like blood, evil little monsters eating at her sanity. 
If her son was crazy and not just a drug addict she could see how easy it was to fall over the line. 
"Please God, please God, please God, please Rob, Please Rob, Please Rob, Please Rob." Soon, a sleep came but it was peppered with demons. 
And as the sliver of sun peeked through the window, she held her false self-control tight and said little.""If you can answer three questions," the dog said, "you can wear the magic shoes."Tommy looked up and down the deserted street. 
"Did you ... 
say something?""That's right. 
Didn't you hear me?" It was a gruff voice, with just a trace of an English accent, and it was definitely coming out of the dog."You're a dog." In fact it was a huge, fat bulldog, with big flaps of skin hanging off the sides of its face. 
From where it sat, on the front steps of the abandoned motel, it looked Tommy straight in the eye."That's correct," the dog said.Tommy stared hard at the dusty windows of the motel office. 
"This is a trick, right? There's a TV camera back there and you want to make me look stupid.""No tricks, Tommy. 
Just three questions.""C'mon," Tommy said. 
He deepened his voice. 
"Sit up." The dog stared at him. 
"Roll over. 
Play dead.""Cut the crap, Tommy. 
Do you want the shoes or not?""Let me see 'em."The dog shifted its weight to one side, revealing a battered pair of red Converse All-Stars. 
"Yuck," Tommy said. 
"Those are gross.""Maybe," the dog said, "but they're magic.""What are the questions?""Which of the following presidents died in office? Lincoln, McKinley, F.D.R.?""C'mon. 
They all did. 
That's the same dumb question they use when they're trying to sell you a free portrait on the telephone.""Which weighs more, a pound of feathers or a pound of lead?""They both weigh a pound. 
This is stupid. 
Next you're going to ask me who's buried in Grant's Tomb."The dog narrowed its eyes. 
"Have you done this before?""Ulysses S. 
Grant," Tommy said. 
"Lemme see the shoes."They were just his size and felt pretty good, even though they were scuffed up and the metal things were gone out of the side vents. 
"I don't feel any different," Tommy said."You need the shoes to look for the treasure," the dog said."What treasure?""When you're wearing the shoes, you can open the doors of the motel rooms.""It's about to come on. 
Hurry.""I'm coming."Nurse Judy delivered Martha's tray just in time
 It was a frozen dinner, but Judy always transferred it to a fancy plate and prepared a small salad and a bowl of applesauce to go alongside it."Looks great, Judy
 Now sit down and let's eat."Nurse Judy sat down in the recliner next to Martha's bed. 
The meal she made for herself was similar to Martha's. 
"Didn't we just see this one a few days ago?""I don't remember. 
But you know it doesn't matter. 
I love Jessica Fletcher."It was the only good thing about her failing memory. 
She could watch reruns of Murder She Wrote over and over again. 
They were all new to her.The doorbell rang."Whoever it is, just get rid of them. 
It couldn't be friends or family. 
They know better than to interrupt my show."Nurse Judy walked down the hallway to the front door. 
It was a nurse."May I help you?""The agency sent me.""No, there must be some mistake. 
I've been caring for Mrs. 
Mason for a couple of months now.""Oh, great. 
Why do they keep doing this to me? Mind if I come in and use the phone?""Don't you have a cell phone?""Yeah, but it's dead. 
I forgot to charge it last night.""I hate when I do that. 
Sure, come on in. 
What's your name?""Carnie.""Good to meet you, Carnie. 
I'm Judy. 
You can use the house phone."Judy led her to the phone. 
Carnie picked up the receiver and began to dial. 
But as Judy turned to walk away, Carnie slammed the phone across the back of her head.Nurse Judy collapsed to the floor, unconscious.Martha's blaring TV masked the noise.""Looks good, Boys." Billy-Eye knew he had been taking a big chance leaving the final details for his sons to handle. 
He had not even visited the place all week. 
It was Friday, 5:30 PM--thirty minutes before the grand opening of Billy-Eye's Arcade and Dance Barn.The arcade room had been arranged nicely--although not the way Billy-Eye would have done it. 
But still, it was good. 
The two popcorn machines were ready to go. 
High school aged workers were ready to hand out bags of the stuff. 
The first group in the competition was warming up on the bandstand. 
A stand-alone blackboard to the right side of the drums had the name of the band written across it in white chalk: The Triangulators. 
Each band would be responsible for putting their name on that board."Glad you like it, Daddy." Craig beamed. 
Finally, he had done something right."So, what do you think? Will we have a full house tonight?" said Billy-Eye."Sure," said Lenny with a naïve smile."Hopefully," said Craig. 
"They get in free, get to hear eleven bands, and get all the free popcorn and coke they want. 
I'm sure the kids have heard our radio ad.""Maybe we should have made the games free too," said Lenny."Hey, we can't give everything away," said Billy-Eye. 
"We're only charging a quarter for the games as it is." He walked back out into the main hall. 
"Is the refrigerator all stocked up?""Yes, Sir," said Craig. 
"It's loaded with frozen pizzas, hot dogs, and condiments. 
And we've got plenty of hot dogs buns and candy.""And the soda fountains?""Ready to go.""And I see you got the ice machine set up." Billy-Eye smiled. 
"Great. 
I'm proud of you boys.""Maybe we're being too harsh with the letter," said Janine."Hon, as his parents we have a responsibility to his well being," said Bob."I know but I just think he doesn't need this added pressure.""Jan, I'll be damned if I'm gonna support and house a drug addict.""I just think maybe he's going through tough times or something. 
He told me the other day he wanted to see a therapist.""Hmm.""Maybe there's something going on we don't understand. 
I mean didn't he seem a little paranoid to you today at lunch?""Paranoia is a side-effect of the marijuana.""Well I still think we are being a little harsh, I mean, we can't just throw our son out on the street.""Babe, its our job to be harsh when it comes to this kind of stuff. 
It's for his own good. 
Either he chooses to keep living rent free in the condo without the pot or he chooses to ruin his life.""I know but don't you think we should let this little phase run its course? I mean, we're not entirely innocent ourselves. 
Eventually he's gonna want to stop smoking pot,""I don't know if he is, Jan. 
He's expressed to me several times that he has no interest in quitting.""He's said that to me too.""Well I think that's a pretty big red flag, don't you?""Yes.""He needs to get his priorities in order and realize that drugs aren't gonna do him any good. 
If we have to force him to do that then that's what has to be done. 
I mean, tell me you haven't had any difficulty falling asleep at night with the notion that our sons are drug addicts.""Well at least Ben has a job and is paying his own rent.""I know but those people he hangs out with, Mack and Allison, those dopers that spend their time smoking weed, they...they're our age, and did you see their house, the stacks of books and newspapers and the marijuana pipes laying on the coffee table? It sickens me that there are people out there like that.""So, Jenny tells me jury selection is going well," said Buford, puffing small billows of Cuban cigar smoke into the phone with each syllable."Yes, I think so too."Kyle was speeding down FM-2208 in his new Lexus SC 430, headed toward Coreyville. 
He could barely make his lease payments, but he had to have that car. 
It screamed success-- especially with the top down. 
His wavy head of hair would be easily restored to perfection with a few brush strokes."Well, you be sure to take her advice. 
She knows how to pick a jury."Buford figured some of Kyle's attention would be focused on getting Jenny into bed, but he didn't think it would jeopardize the case."Don't worry, Mr. 
Bellowin, I will."At only 27, Kyle Serpentine had already developed a successful practice in Longview, defending every kind of crook. 
Some of them paid handsomely. 
He idolized Buford Bellowin. 
Buford had grown up in Coreyville and earned his Bachelor's and Law degree at University of Texas, graduating near the top of his class.Now he was a high-priced, infamous defense attorney headquartered in Dallas. 
Nicknamed 'The Bell', he had never lost a case. 
Even in law school, his mock trial team always won.And Buford put on a show in the courtroom. 
So, the gallery was always packed with those who wanted to see The Bell in action. 
Occasionally, some hotshot would think he could outsmart him. 
But Buford was the teacher, and it was his classroom. 
Before the prosecutor knew what hit him, The Bell would ring, and school was out."The D.A. 
really thought she could get a jury out of that pool of forty, didn't she? She thought this was gonna be a cakewalk. 
They don't get many murder trials in Coreyville. 
That's good for us. 
And she'll make more mistakes. 
Mark my words.""Sometimes," he said, squatting down by the fire and holding his hands to the open flame, "I think that I hear voices from the other side.""Voices, Sartas?" someone laughed. 
"And what do these voices say to you, lad?""Were they women's voices?" asked another, his leering face looming up out of the darkness and into the sallow glow of the firelight. 
"Perhaps some fair-haired temptress willing to relieve you of the weighty burden of your virginity." More laughter, lecherous in tone, and quickly joined by a chorus of rough and lustful glee, which in the closeness of the dark seemed almost feral and far less than mere jest and honest teasing."I can't speak as to whether they were male or female," said Sartas, trying hard to keep the tremor of embarrassment from his voice. 
"But it did sound at times like laughter. 
Of the sort that good men share about a fire and over a meal." He assayed a grin as he cast his gaze over his colleagues."No doubt a fiction of the sun," offered Tavarius in a commiserating tone. 
He sat across from the young guard, idly poking at food on the beaten metal plate that was set at his feet. 
He skewered a square of meat with the tip of his long knife and lifted it to his lips, holding it poised before his mouth a moment before finally clamping square, yellowed teeth about it and pulling it free with a jerk."It wasn't the sun," Sartas retorted petulantly.Tavarius shrugged, then wiped a trail of juice from his chin with the back of one hand and said, "Be careful, lad." He waggled the blade of his knife back and forth in the young man's direction, frowning with intense sagacity. 
"You'd be wise to consider spending less time out there in the heat of day, tramping back and forth as though you were guarding the King's own jewels. 
All that sweating and panting. 
And for what?" He snorted and shook his head. 
"Such devotion may well be admirable in some quarters, boy, but you'll curry no favor here with that sort of attitude.""That'll be $9.87."Rebecca Ranghorn flipped up the top of the box, pulled out a glazed donut, and took bite.The young secretary behind her looked on in disbelief. 
She was so ready for the weekend. 
But first she had to get to the office and put in her lousy eight hours. 
Why couldn't this woman just pay and get out of the way?Rebecca tossed the box at the clerk. 
A couple of donuts flew out and fell on the floor behind the counter."Those are yesterday's donuts. 
I told you to give me the fresh ones.""But, ma'am, these are the fresh--." The look in her eyes stopped him cold. 
He dumped the box in the trash and picked out a fresher dozen."Now, that'll be $9.87, please.""Keep your drawers on, Jack." She sampled the new batch. 
"That's more like it." She threw a ten dollar bill on the counter and walked out with her donuts and large bottle of orange juice.Her enormous black 1979 Lincoln Continental Town Car was four feet longer and twice the weight of the young secretary's Toyota Corolla parked next to it. 
It was costing her a fortune to drive her dad's old car. 
But it made her feel close to him--even though he had been dead for eleven years. 
She rarely had an occasion to drive out of town--and it was not a big town. 
Sherman, Texas has about 36,000 residents.She pulled into the old strip mall parking lot. 
Most of the stores and other businesses were barely hanging on. 
The place hadn't seen decent shopping traffic since the 1980s. 
But it was the perfect location for Rebecca and her partner. 
They didn't need shoppers. 
All they needed was cheap office space. 
Theirs was narrow, but deep, with a reception area, two offices and a bathroom.""That's Glenn Miller," my father said. 
"But it can't be."He had the back of the hospital bed cranked upright, the lower lid of his left eye creeping up in a warning signal I'd learned to recognize as a child. 
My older sister Ann had settled deep in the recliner, and she glared at me too, blaming me for winding him up. 
The jam box sat on the rolling tray table and my father was working the remote as he talked, backing up my newly burned CD and letting it spin forward to play a few seconds of low fidelity trombone solo."You know the tune, of course," he said."'King Porter Stomp.'" Those childhood years of listening to him play Glenn Miller on the console phonograph were finally paying off."He muffed the notes the same way on the Victor version.""So why can't it be Miller?" I asked."He wouldn't have played with a rabble like that." The backup musicians teetered on the edge of chaos, playing with an abandon somewhere between Dixieland and bebop. 
"They sound drunk."My father had a major emotional investment in Miller. 
He and my mother had danced to the Miller band at Glen Island Casino on Long Island Sound in the summer of 1942, when they were both sixteen. 
That signature sound of clarinet and four saxes was forever tied up for him with first love and the early, idealistic months of the war.But there was a better reason why it couldn't have been Miller playing that solo. 
If the date on the original recording was correct, he was supposed to have died three days earlier.The date was in India ink on a piece of surgical tape, stuck to the top of a spool of recording wire. 
The handwritten numerals had the hooks and day-first order of Europe: 18/12/44. 
I'd won it on eBay the week before as part of a lot that included a wire recorder and a stack of 78s by French pop stars like Charles Trenent and Edith Piaf.""They've got cameras everywhere, man. 
Not just in supermarkets and departments stores, they're also on your cell phones and your computers at home. 
And they never turn off. 
You think they do, but they don't. 
"They're always on, always watching you, sending them a continuous feed of your every move over satellite broadband connection. 
"They watch you fuck, they watch you shit, they watch when you pick your nose at the stop light or when you chew out the clerk at 7-11 over nothing or when you walk past the lady collecting for the women's shelter and you don't put anything in her jar. 
"They're even watching us right now," the hobo added and extended a grimy, gnarled digit to the small black orbs mounted at either end of the train car. 
There were some days when I loved taking public transportation, and other days when I didn't. 
On a good day, I liked to sit back and watch the show, study the rest of the passengers, read into their little ticks and mannerisms and body language, and try to guess at their back stories, giving them names and identities in my head. 
It was fun in a voyeuristic kind of way. 
And luckily, today was a good day. 
I watched the old Vietnamese woman with the cluster of plastic shopping bags gripped tightly in her hand like a cloud of tiny white bubbles. 
My eyes traced the deep lines grooving her face, and I wondered about the life that led her to this place. 
I watched the lonely businessman staring longingly across the aisle at the beautiful Mexican girl in the tight jeans standing with her back to him. 
He fidgeted with the gold band on his finger, and I couldn't tell if he was using it to remind himself of his commitment or if he was debating whether he should slyly slip it off and talk to her."To be real honest, Jeffrey, you're not making much progress," said Greg. 
"Are you practicing at all?""Well, yeah. 
Mom makes me. 
She sits there watching to make sure I'm getting the right fingering and phrasing.""Hmm. 
I might need to talk to her about that." Greg hated when kids were forced into musicianship. 
He had been teaching private music lessons for more than ten years, and had seen it often. 
Parents made their kids miserable. 
It rarely worked anyway. 
"You don't really want to take piano, do you?""No, Sir.""Well... 
""I wish my mom would let me take guitar lessons. 
That would be cool.""You know you'd get calluses like this." Greg held out left hand and showed Jeffrey his fingertips."Yeah! My friend, Zach, has calluses. 
They're hard like plastic.""Well, you know, it hurts for a while--until you build them up.""I don't care. 
I love the guitar. 
I've been begging Mom to switch me from piano to guitar.""I'll talk to her.""Great! I already have a guitar and--""--don't get too excited yet. 
We'll see what she says.""Thanks, Mr. 
Tenorly." He jumped up and ran for the front door. 
Then he stopped, rushed back over to grab his piano books, and raced out the door.Greg's 3:30 lesson had been cancelled, so he now had a thirty minute break. 
Oftentimes, during a break, he would step outside and wander down the sidewalk, observing the townspeople going in and out of the shops around Coreyville Square.But something was bugging him. 
His dad's birthday party was only a few days away. 
He hoped he wouldn't regret letting Cynthia talk him into going.""2018 is a congressional election year in the United States, and President Donald Trump is urging his supporters to get motivated to vote as both parties prepare for November."The people who voted for us become complacent a little bit, they are happy," Trump told supporters during a recent speech on tax reform in Cincinnati. 
"They sort of take it for granted, they sit back and then they get clobbered because the other people are desperate and they get out, and they have more energy."Trump predicted that Republicans will do better than expected in November when all 435 seats in the House of Representatives are at stake and 34 of the 100 Senate seats."I think because of what we've done, because of the tremendous success we've had, I have a feeling that we are going to do incredibly well in '18, and I have to say this, history is not on our side," he said.The president is right. 
History is not on his side. 
Midterms are typically unkind to the president's party, which on average loses about 30 House seats and a handful of Senate seats.The losses are worse if the president's approval rating is below 50 percent, which could be the case this year. 
Trump's approval rating has ticked up in recent weeks, but the average has him just above 40 percent, not a strong position with a midterm looming."You know, you have a very unpopular president. 
And if Democrats take a broad path, they should win lots and lots of seats," said Jim Kessler of Third Way, a center-left advocacy and research organization.Gallup has noted historically that presidents with an approval rating above 50 percent lose an average of 14 House seats in midterms, while those below 40 percent can expect to lose about 36 seats. 
Democrats need to gain 24 seats in the House and two seats in the Senate to regain the majority in both chambers.""A beautiful, sexy redhead sat across from Greg Tenorly. 
He was nervous about the closed door, but she had insisted. 
The slightest hint of impropriety would spark a blaze of rumors.Greg tried to concentrate on her story. 
But his mind wandered to his 34-year-old receding hairline and bulging stomach. 
The part-time music minister had been feeling good about himself ten minutes ago. 
Time to start exercising again."I grew up in Marshall. 
Graduated from East Texas State, and got a job at a bank in Greenville. 
Three years ago, I moved here so I could be closer to Mom. 
She still lives in Marshall. 
I met Troy at a high school football game. 
He was fun, down-to-earth. 
We've been married for two years."Cynthia Blockerman was a vice president at First State Bank, yet only in her late 20's. 
She certainly looked the part, dressed in an expensive brown business suit, matching shoes and tasteful jewelry. 
And her shoulder-length hair was the kind you only see in shampoo commercials. 
Greg felt underdressed in his faded golf shirt, baggy slacks, and generic running shoes."Everything was fine for the first six months or so. 
But I guess he was just playing the part of a good husband. 
Then I started to see his real personality. 
As soon as he gets home from work, he goes straight for the beer. 
By nine, there's a pile of cans next to his recliner, and he's calling me names, and throwing things."Sometimes he hits me. 
He did it one time before we got married, but he said he was so sorry. 
And even broke down and cried. 
He promised he'd never do it again.""Is there anything in particular you say or do that seems to set him off?" It was a dumb question, but the only one he could think of."No. 
It doesn't matter. 
I can be extra sweet, or mean, or just ignore him. 
He still gets mad and crazy. 
I don't know what to do. 
I want to leave him, but I'm afraid he'll come after me.""A confession: I quietly love flying. 
This year, I've done 163,581 miles of it.I love that when you fly a lot, the airport social media staff say 'hello' on Twitter when you arrive and the cabin crew on your home route (or even on the Brisbane-Dubai non-stop route) recognise you from last time. 
I like getting great service, and see so many things about systems-thinking that work well in airlines, that I'm happy to forgive small indiscrepancies when they occur. 
All that said, flying strangles our planet as much as eating too much red meat, and for many, many reasons, I've wanted to stop flying quite so much, while not restricting the spread and growth of the ideas from our firm, NoTosh.I'm quite sure that nobody reading this blog really cares about how much I travel, but keeping an annual count on it has become a new year habit. 
When I started working at Channel 4, and then continuing when I created NoTosh, I wanted to keep track of what seemed like an interminable number of miles on the road and in the air. 
By 2012, 2013 and last year, I was beginning to wonder if I'd ever be able to get the number of miles down when they seemed to represent even more trips to the moon and back each and every year.When you run a company based in Edinburgh with a great team living in Melbourne, you could easily spend your life on a plane - one flying to Melbourne feels better than two or more flying to Edinburgh. 
Indeed, in 2012, 2013 and 2014 it felt like I really did spend my life on a plane, as I went to the moon and back in my annual travel, with anything up to seven trips a year to Australia.""A federal judge on Thursday rejected efforts by Texas to stop the resettlement of Syrian refugees within its borders.The ruling comes days after presumptive Republican presidential nominee Donald Trump called to block non-citizen Muslims from entering the U.S. 
following the Orlando nightclub massacre.Even before the attack, Americans were divided, mostly along party lines, on the issue of refugees from war-torn countries in the Middle East.A survey conducted in late May by the Brookings Institution found of those polled, just 38 percent of Republicans supported taking in refugees from Syria and the Middle East, compared with 77 percent of Democrats. 
But among Trump supporters, an overwhelming 77 percent said they oppose taking in refugees.So who are these people who cause such a divide among Americans, triggering feelings of dread and suspicion in some and feelings of empathy and hospitality in others?Millions have been forced to flee the bloody conflicts in Syria, Iraq, Libya and other Middle Eastern nations.In 1951 the United Nation's Refugee Convention defined a refugee as someone who "owing to a well-founded fear of being persecuted for reasons of race, religion, nationality, membership of a particular social group or political opinion, is outside the country of his nationality, and is unable to, or owing to such fear, is unwilling to avail himself of the protection of that country."By the end of 2014, there were 19.5 million refugees worldwide, according to the United Nations, 14.4 million of whom were under the mandate of the United Nations Human Rights Council. 
This was an increase of 2.9 million from 2013.The remaining 5.1 million refugees were registered with the United Nations Relief and Works Agency.However, there are an estimated 59.5 million forcibly displaced persons around the world, according to United Nation's Global Trends report. 
This population not only includes refugees, but internally displaced persons, asylum-seekers and stateless people as well.President Barack Obama has set a goal of resettling 10,000 Syrian refugees in the 2016 fiscal year, which began on October 1. 
But the administration is still far behind that schedule.About 3,500 Syrian refugees have been admitted, leaving about 6,500 spots open with less than four months to go.""A few times. 
Mostly whilst doing this job and trying to help drunk people or assholes. 
Sadly it's becoming a regular occurrence for crews to be assaulted.My last time was a few days ago and the worst thing about it was watching my crew mate and several police officers curl up laughing.I'll set the scene. 
Imagine. 
If you will. 
A large rather expensive hotel. 
Then add to that image a rather drunk and buxom young lady who is lying on the floor in a drunken slumber after taking off a lot of her clothes. 
She was just in her underwear. 
We were called to look after her. 
On our arrival she was absolutely fine. 
Stood up, walked to the stretcher and lay down. 
Whining about how we were the ' oppressors of society', and other such drivel Because I had the cheek to try and give her a tiny bit of dignity by covering her up with a blanket. 
She didn't want that. 
We made it to the ambulance without any hassle and started to do the necessary checks we do on every patient. 
Blood pressure etc etc when out of the blue she decided that she wanted to release her rather large breasts. 
Try as I might to give her a little bit of dignity she wasn't interested so we just made sure no one could see inside the ambulance.After a few minutes she calmed down so I put the blanket over her. 
Something I do for almost every patient. 
Without warning THWACK. 
she hit my in the face with her boob Then As I reeled from this waiting for my brain to catch up and make sense of everything, THWACK she did it again. 
Right round the face with a large breast!!I turned around to get some support from my colleagues who were crying. 
Both my crew mate and the officer. 
Crying. 
Neither able to speak………..I didn't know what to say for a while after that…something my crew mate called 'a blessing'Sigh""A funeral for Zbigniew Brzezinski, the national security adviser to President Jimmy Carter and a noted foreign policy expert and thinker, will be held Friday at St. 
Matthew's Roman Catholic Cathedral in Washington, D.C.Brzezinski died May 26 in Virginia. 
He was 86.In a statement, Carter called Brzezinski “a superb public servant” as well as “brilliant, dedicated and loyal.” Along with Henry Kissinger, Brzezinski helped shape U.S. 
foreign policy with a lasting impact, while also serving as an adviser to Presidents Lyndon Johnson and John F. 
Kennedy.One of his most well-known accomplishments came in 1978, when Brzezinski helped President Carter reach an agreement between Israeli Prime Minister Menachem Begin and Egyptian President Anwar Sadat to secure the Camp David peace accords between the two countries.He also was involved in making other major U.S. 
foreign policy decisions during the Carter administration, including negotiating the Panama Canal Treaty, arming mujahedin in Afghanistan to fight the Soviet invaders and planning a failed mission to rescue 52 American hostages held in Iran.Alexander Vershbow, a former deputy secretary general of NATO and former U.S. 
ambassador to Russia, told VOA Brzezinski's wisdom also guided U.S. 
and NATO policy in the post-Cold War period.“On one hand, listening to the appeals of countries like Poland, like Czechoslovakia, like Hungary, to become part of the Western family, which they were denied 70 years ago ... 
but also reaching out to Russia, and trying to help Russia become an integral part of the European family, the common European house, as [former Soviet leader Mikhail] Gorbachev described it,” Vershbow said.Following his work in the White House, Brzezinski continued to be an influential voice on foreign policy matters. 
He served as a counselor and trustee at the Center for Strategic and International Studies and a professor at Johns Hopkins University.Brzezinski went on to ruffle the feathers of Washington's power elite with his 1983 book, "Power and Principle," which was hailed and reviled as a kiss-and-tell memoir.“I have never believed in flattery or lying as a way of making it,” he told The Washington Post that year. 
“I have made it on my own terms.”"A long time ago, when humans still lived in cities, on a cold morning near the end of a long, cruel winter, in magnificent Central Park in the middle of magnificent New York City, a young squirrel named Patch was awakened very early by the growls of his empty stomach. 
A squirrel's home is called a drey. 
Patch's drey was very comfortable. 
He lived high up an old oak tree, in a hollowed-out stump of a big branch that had long ago been cut off by humans. 
The entrance was only just big enough for Patch to squeeze in and out, but the drey itself was spacious, for a squirrel. 
Patch had lined his drey with dry leaves, grasses and bits of newspaper. 
It was warm and dry, and on that cold morning he would have liked nothing better than to stay home all day and sleep. 
But he was so hungry. 
Hunger filled him like water fills a glass. 
The cherry and maple trees had not yet started to bud; flowers had not yet begun to grow; the juicy grubs and bugs of spring had not yet emerged; and it had been two days since Patch had found a nut. 
Imagine how hungry you would feel if you went two whole days without eating, and you may have some idea how Patch felt that morning. 
Patch poked his head out of the drey into the cold air and shivered as he looked around. 
Clumps of white, crumbly ice still clung to the ground. 
Gusts of cold wind shook and rustled the trees' bare branches. 
The pale and distant sun seemed drained of heat. 
Patch took a moment to satisfy himself that there were no dangers nearby, no hawk circling above or unleashed dog below. 
Then he emerged from his drey and began to look for acorns. 
But what marvels, what miracles, what mysteries are hidden inside those simple words!"A prospective client sent me a link to this in-depth article on IBM's design thinking revolution, where Phil Gilbert, IBM's General Manager of Design, has hired over 1000 designers into the firm, and pushed for over 8000 of its managers and staff to get 'trained' in design thinking. 
They have even created specific design centres across the firm, with design offices in most of its key locations, such as the one above. 
The goal is nothing short of beginning IBM's next phase of transformation, one of many in its 100+ year history.However, all is not rosy. 
Despite achieving a monumental success relative to the status quo, 8000 'recognised' design thinkers in a corporation of over 370,000 souls is barely a dent in terms of changing practice. 
If NoTosh were to effect change in only 2% of the teachers with whom we work, we'd have packed up our bags long ago.I'm not sure hiring 1000 designers in and of itself is the answer to any organisation trying to instil a different way of viewing the world. 
Here's why.Since design thinking really began to be a thing, back in the early 60s, the designer him or herself has consistently been at the centre of the design process. 
Even though we talk of 'user-centred design', the actual ideation and production of a solution, and in many cases the synthesis and definition of the problem to be solve, too, are all tasks undertaken by skilled 'designers', rather than the people in the organisation who have the scope, brand, or 'permission' to play in that space. 
Once the designers leave the project, so does the design thinking.There is a reason d.school sees its executive courses filled with repeat customers and firms like IDEO continue to thrive - they are resolving challenges in specific examples of services or products, but not necessarily transforming the firms and organisations who had the budget and desire to solve a problem in that specific area. 
Solving a problem costs money. 
Solving a problem and teaching the client how to do it again and again costs more than just money. 
That might be the greatest challenge of all.""A school board in the eastern state of Virginia has filed an emergency appeal to the U.S. 
Supreme Court to halt a ruling that allows a transgender student to use the boys’ restroom next school year.The Gloucester County School Board is trying to prevent Gavin Grimm from using the bathroom that matches his gender identity when school resumes later this year, saying it will "put parents' constitutional rights in jeopardy.''Grimm sued the school district last year for the right to use the boys’ restroom after the school board enacted a policy limiting bathroom use to the one corresponding with a person’s biological sex rather than the gender with which the student identifies.Grimm was born female but identifies as male."Depriving parents of any say over whether their children should be exposed to members of the opposite biological sex, possibly in a state of full or complete undress, in intimate settings deprives parents of their right to direct the education and upbringing of their children,'' attorneys for the school board wrote.The ACLU, which is defending Grimm, has argued that forcing him to use the girls' bathroom is a violation of Title IX and the equal protection clause of the 14th Amendment to the U.S. 
Constitution.The issue is one that has been hotly debated in schools, courts and state legislatures across the U.S.The Obama administration in May directed the nation’s public schools to allow transgender students to use bathrooms and locker rooms that match their gender identity or risk losing their federal funding. 
Twenty-one states have sued to overturn the directive.The 4th Circuit Court of Appeals sided with Grimm in April. 
The court reinstated Grimm's Title IX claim and sent it back to the district court for further consideration.The school board wants the Supreme Court to put Grimm's district court case on hold until the justices decide whether to review the appeals court decision. 
The board says it plans to file its petition for Supreme Court review by late August.""Aage Llievang tried explaining to his mother, but she shook her head. 
"Now, Aage. 
Really. 
Your own car? A car? What would the other co-op members think?""Mom, this is a classic! 1952 MG-TD. 
It's even--""British Racing green... 
yes, Aage. 
I know. 
Your father knows. 
Your grandmother knows. 
We all know about the car.""But Mom, look." He waved his Handy at her. 
The MG glowed on its small screen. 
"There's one up for auction on carsforsale.com and I'm too young to bid. 
You've got to help me.""Aage!" She put her hands on her hips and shook her head. 
"Your age is not the problem. 
You can't even afford it.""I'd pay you back." How could he explain his fascination with the Vehicular Age to her? The seductive sheen, the rumble, the combustive power of automobiles called to him like a siren at sea. 
He coveted the sense of possibility inherent in the turn of a key.And the MG-TD held a place high in his list of hope. 
British Racing Green, wood dashboard and a four-stroke engine. 
He had only seen one MG-TD, when he'd gone on holiday with his folks to the U.K. 
They had been walking down the street in downtown London. 
Most of the traffic had been pedestrian or cyclist. 
The occasional fuel-cell car glided by like a ghostly leftover from the Vehicular Age. 
Double-decker biodiesel buses roared past regularly, trailing the odor of fish and chips after them.And then it came down the street toward them. 
A car that purred as its rounded lines soaked up the sun with a green so deep it was almost black. 
It pulled into the valet parking of a grand hotel and two people got out. 
Aage barely noticed them. 
He stared inside the car, where chrome and brass gleamed against a burled wood dashboard. 
The doors of the car shut with the heavy thunk of real metal. 
A valet pulled the car out of the parking circle and Aage never saw it again.""About 15 years ago I met Stuart ‘Aq’ Langridge when he walked into the new Wolverhampton Linux Users Group I had just started with his trademark bombastic personality and humor. 
Ever since those first interactions we have become really close friends.Today Stuart turns 40 and I just wanted to share a few words about how remarkable a human being he is.Many of you who have listened to Stuart on Bad Voltage, seen him speak, worked with him, or socialized with him will know him for his larger than life personality. 
He is funny, warm, and passionate about his family, friends, and technology. 
He is opinionated, and many of you will know him for the amusing, insightful, and tremendously articulate way in which he expresses his views.He is remarkably talented and has an incredible level of insight and perspective. 
He is not just a brilliant programmer and software architect, but he has a deft knowledge and understanding of people, how they work together, and the driving forces behind human interaction. 
What I have always admired is that while bombastic in his views, he is always open to fresh ideas and new perspectives. 
For him life is a journey and new ways of looking at the road are truly thrilling for him.As I have grown as a person in my career, with my family, and particularly when moving to America, he has always supported yet challenged me. 
He is one of those rare friends that can enthusiastically validate great steps forward yet, with the same enthusiasm, illustrate mistakes too. 
I love the fact that we have a relationship that can be so open and honest, yet underlined with respect. 
It is his personality, understanding, humor, thoughtfulness, care, and mentorship that will always make him one of my favorite people in the world.""Alona's persistent knocking at the door of room 412 went unanswered for three minutes as she nervously shuffled her feet. 
Her book bag was super-saturated with textbooks, notebooks, schedules, rough drafts, and various other forms of academic paraphernalia. 
It was getting heavier. 
She continued to knock, even though there had as yet been no answer, because the note card tacked to the right of the door indicated that these indeed were Prof. 
Turgy K. 
Sigger's office hours. 
She could see the light under the door and thought she had heard a groan. 
Just before she decided to give up, slow feet approached from the opposite side, then silence; with a dramatic turn of the knob, the door swung open."Was this trip really necessary?" asked Prof. 
Sigger, blinking and brushing his oily, graying hair back into place."These are your office hours," Alona replied. 
She nervously smiled, feeling the corners of her mouth twitch. 
Somewhere in the darkened hall, a janitor coughed."All right," conceded Prof. 
Sigger. 
"Come in."The carpet was smothered by leaning towers of textbooks. 
Papers lined the left side of the desk, above which was a small note card which read "To Be Graded." On the right side, the oak finish gleamed of the mid-morning light piercing the Venetian blinds."You've come about your final project," Prof. 
Sigger stated."It's only mid-term," Alona reminded him."Oh yes, yes," continued Prof. 
Sigger, without conscious embarrassment. 
"Mid-term grade. 
I think I have it here. 
Somewhere." His hands disappeared into the left side of his desk."You told the class that we would get a C if we maintained that Coca-Cola isn't a crypto-fascist conspiracy.""Oh yes," said Prof. 
Sigger. 
"We were discussing social issues, as I remember. 
I was quoting Marx and some little idiot brought up Rush Limbaugh.""That was me," Alona muttered.""Americans may become accustomed to the political turmoil swirling around President Donald Trump, but it remains an open question whether that turmoil will ultimately help or hurt Trump and his Republican allies, especially in an election year.Last week, it was Trump's firing of Secretary of State Rex Tillerson and an apparent Democratic victory in a special congressional election in Pennsylvania — a sign of a possible wave in the November midterm elections.This week, it was a series of presidential tweets criticizing the Russia probe, followed by a controversial Trump statement of congratulations for newly re-elected Russian President Vladimir Putin. 
Trump also added former U.S. 
attorney Joseph diGenova to his legal team. 
DiGenova has alleged that elements of the FBI and the Department of Justice have been out to frame Trump in connection with the Russia probe.Trump ignored shouted questions Tuesday from reporters at the White House who asked whether he wanted to fire special counsel Robert Mueller, who is leading the Russia probe.Earlier, House Speaker Paul Ryan, a Wisconsin Republican, told reporters at the Capitol that he had received "assurances" that firing Mueller was "not even under consideration."The latest back and forth over the Mueller investigation came after several days of presidential tweets complaining about the probe, including one blasting it as a "total WITCH HUNT with massive conflicts of interest."The tweets sparked new fears that Trump might try to have Mueller fired. 
Some Republicans warned that an attempt to fire Mueller could put Trump's presidency in jeopardy."I think anything directed at firing Mr. 
Mueller blows up the whole town, and that becomes the end of governing and the presidency as we know it," cautioned Republican Senator Lindsey Graham of South Carolina.The renewed focus on the Russia probe came in the wake of last week's firing of Tillerson. 
That, in turn, raised the prospect of more administration changes.""And once again, high blood pressure is making headlines in the news: the American Heart Association and the American College of Cardiology (AHA/ACC) have just released new guidelines about hypertension.Since this development is likely to cause confusion and concern for many, I’m writing this post to help you understand the debate and what this might mean for you and your family.By the way, if you’ve read any of my other blood pressure articles on this site, let me reassure you: I am not changing my clinical practice or what I recommend to others, based on the new AHA/ACC guidelines.The core principles of better blood pressure management for older adults remain the same:* Take care in how you and your doctors measure blood pressure (more on that here),* Start by aiming to get blood pressure less than 150/90 mm Hg, as recommended by these expert guidelines issued in 2017 and in 2014,* And then learn more about what are the likely benefits versus risks of aiming for more intensive BP control.Perhaps the most important thing to understand is this: treatment of high blood pressure in older adults offers “diminishing returns” as we treat BP to get lower and lower.Scientific evidence indicates that the greatest health benefit, when it comes to reducing the risk of strokes and heart attacks, is in getting systolic blood pressure from high (i.e. 
160-180) down to moderate (140-150).From there, the famous SPRINT study, published in 2015, did show a further reduction in cardiovascular risk, when participants were treated to a lower systolic BP, such as a target of 120.However, this was in a carefully selected group of participants, it required taking three blood pressure medications on average, and the reduction in risk was small. 
As I note in my article explaining SPRINT Senior, in participants aged 75 or older, pushing to that lower goal was associated with an estimated 1-in-27 chance of avoiding a cardiovascular event. 
(The benefit was even smaller in adults aged 50-75.)""Angela Hammerly dedicated her life to becoming District Attorney. 
At 42, she had never been married, or even seriously dated. 
All she could think about, night and day, was her ultimate goal. 
And her dream finally came true, thanks to the death of 74-year-old Porter Strickley.She could not deny that she had learned the job well, working for that old pain-in-the-butt. 
He was 57 when she interviewed for the position of Assistant District Attorney. 
At the time, she thought he was 70.Two months ago, she had become the District Attorney. 
She loved seeing her name on the door. 
And she felt a rush of adrenaline every time a judge referred to her as 'The District Attorney' in open court. 
The D.A.'s office would be better than ever--now that she was running the show.There was a soft knock, and Andrea Newly opened the door just enough to peek in."Come in, Andrea." Angela sometimes wondered if she had made a mistake two weeks ago when she hired this timid young lady as her assistant. 
Angela had been impressed with her resume. 
But in person, Andrea was quiet, and seemed to be rather intimidated by Angela.But Andrea was enthralled with every word Angela spoke. 
And the new D.A. 
couldn't resist the prospect of being god to her assistant. 
She had hired her on the spot, even though she knew Andrea would stress her patience.But Angela was confident the 25-year-old could be molded into her mentor's image. 
And thereby, become a powerful force for justice in the D.A.'s office.Andrea took a chair across from the D.A. 
The furniture in the District Attorney's office was similar to that found in most old government offices-largely unchanged since the 1950s. 
Yet the hardwood chairs and desks were of such good quality that an exact replacement would be cost prohibitive in today's market. 
Angela planned to upsize her diminutive desk as soon as possible, even if the money came out of her own pocket.""Another phone call at just after three. 
He answered on the third ring."Is this Mr. 
Ray--uh. 
." The sound of shuffling papers."Yes."The voice brightened perceptibly, strapped on a mask of friendliness. 
"My name is John Donovan. 
I'm an attorney representing the family of Donald Ackerman. 
I'm sorry to be calling so late.""It's not late for me."A laugh, intended to sound nervous or flustered. 
To Ray, it only sounded false. 
"That's right, of course. 
Only late for me. 
Do you mind if I tape record this conversation?"Smooth segue, meant to catch him off guard, startle him into acceptance."Yes, I do mind. 
Can I help you?" You fucking bastard.John Donovan paused on his end of the line. 
Ray imagined him reaching for a legal pad upon which to take notes (just as he was supposed to imagine), though, of course, the tape recorder was still running."Um, I was wondering if I could get some information?""Sir, federal law prohibits me from acknowledging either to confirm or deny the presence of the individual of whom you have spoken or his participation in our program."Ray grinned."Very well done," the lawyer said. 
"I guess that sets the parameters.""I guess it does.""Were you working two nights ago.""Sir, I am bound by Center policy and state law from discussing with you the work schedule of our employees at this facility unless you are an officer of the law or bearing a subpoena, in which case, I am only authorized to refer you to my supervisor."Ray grinned again. 
He was enjoying this."What if I told you I have possession of a subpoena?""Have you spoken to our attorney?" Ray countered."In fact, son, yes I have. 
This afternoon."Ray grunted. 
Standard level of communication. 
"That's good, because I haven't. 
Which means, of course, that I'm not prepared to talk to you at all until advised on my statement by legal counsel.""Apologies again that it’s been a while since I last posted. 
You may recall that I’d been helping out a local charity with their website? Well that is all completed now but I’ve had some other family stuff going on and with looking after my baby daughter spare time for blogging is pretty scarce at the moment. 
I haven’t lost my enthusiasm though and am busy planning all sorts of new posts for the future, so watch this space!Today I wanted to tell you all about a fantastic natural brand, Moogoo. 
Regular readers of Beauty Best Friend may recall that I reviewed their Full Cream Moisturiser last year, but having received this Oil Cleansing Method* cleanser in a goody bag from a blogger event a couple of months ago it fired up my love for them all over again!MooGoo is an Australian natural skincare brand that was first created when the founder adapted a cream used in dairy farms to help a family member with a skin problem. 
Their products contain lots of natural oils and are not tested on animals – well, apart from the very first of their products that was created for cows!Moogoo Oil Cleansing Method is an all natural cleansing oil that can be used in two ways…. 
you can use it like a wash-off cleanser by applying a few drops to the face then rinsing it off with warm water, or my favourite method is to massage the oil into the skin then place a warm flannel or muslin over the face to allow the oil to draw any impurities out of the skin, before wiping away the oil. 
This is a great way of starting off a DIY facial at home!There are four varieties of Oil Cleansing Method, I’ve been using the one for Oily Skin but it’s also available in Normal, Combination and Dry too. 
The ingredients include ‘drawing oils’ that help to lift dirt and germs off the skin so they can be washed away, plus the Oily one contains Juniper Oil which helps to prevent bacteria on the skin, great for helping keep spots at bay."April 1, 2006 Walter died today. 
Found out this morning over breakfast. 
Suicide. 
Walter. 
I'm still trying to wrap my mind around it. 
Suicide. 
Walter wasn't suicidal. 
I know that, know it for a fact. 
But he is dead. 
Why? I am not foolish enough to suspect "foul play" as they say in the mystery stories. 
No one cares enough about a community college art teacher to murder him. 
But suicide? Something is wrong here. 
Very wrong. 
April 2, 2006 I didn't realize until this morning that yesterday was April Fools day. 
Some kind of sick joke? But that's not like Walter either. 
He was a little crazy, but not that kind of crazy. 
Still I keep half expecting to pick up my voice and hear his voice yell, "Gotcha!" But it is no joke. 
I know he is dead. 
(Later) Got a package today. 
From Walter. 
Scary considering what I wrote about expecting him to call. 
I can't express the chill I got when I saw his name on the label. 
A message from the dead. 
Surely it's not a good Omen. 
It's a painting. 
Or at least I think it is. 
The package is the right shape, and knowing Walter it seems likely, but...I haven't yet worked up the courage to open it yet. 
I'm afraid of what I might find. 
April 3, 2006 Went to the funeral today. 
Walter's wife, Martha, was in hysterics. 
Can't say I blame her. 
It was awkward being there seeing someone in the most vulnerable possible condition. 
I didn't know her that well. 
Walter and I rarely interacted outside of work, so I have very little knowledge of his personal life. 
Sylvia went up to her and hugged her even though she'd never met her before in her life. 
It must be something with women to be able to make that kind of spontaneous connection. 
I just shook her hand, and told her I was sorry. 
I don't make a habit of crying in public, but seeing her so shaken up brought tears to the edges of my eyes, and I did nothing to wipe them away. 
After five years of friendship it's the least Walter deserves of me. 
One other thing. 
The package. 
It's still sitting there in my study. 
Mocking me. 
That's how it feels anyway. 
Should I open it?"April 2-May 2 is the worst 30 day period for me. 
The reason is…April 2, 2014 was the day my 53 year old wife found out that she had metastasized lung cancer. 
A large tumor had formed on the bottom of one lung, they found 4 tumors in her brain, another large one in her stomach and several more throughout her intestinal track.She rarely complained about physical problems and I knew something was wrong when she said she needed to go to the hospital ER.She died exactly 30 days later. 
I spent virtually every minute of that time with her. 
I went with her to radiation appointments. 
I stayed in the hospital with her because it seemed like every week I would have to take her in for something that required a 3 or 4 day stay.And the final trip to the ER was May 1st. 
An MRI showed that one of the tumors in her intestines had torn a hole in her bowel. 
The ER surgeon told us straight up that she was beyond any medical care that could help her and to use the next 24 hours to say goodbye to family and friends.And almost exactly 24 hours later, she was gone. 
I was devastated. 
30.5 years of Happily Ever After turned into god fucking damn it all to hell!And when April 2 rolls around every year, I begin living those last 30 days of her life over again. 
I thought that after the third time in 2017 that I was about ready to let it go. 
I started really living again instead of just existing. 
But when April 2 came this year, I found that I was back in my memories.It was easier to deal with this time because of the way I had changed over the last year. 
I hung around with more friends and they helped distract me and one actually helped me turn May 2 into a celebration. 
And I love her for that.That's my story.""As I mentioned in my previous post on Sacré-Coeur, one of the other places I didn’t get a chance to see when I was in Paris last summer was the catacombs so I wanted to be sure to fit in a visit this time around.Long Queue vs Online TicketsYou can either wait in line to get in or buy tickets online for specific time slots to bypass the line. 
Wait times can be anywhere from 30 minutes to 3+ hours and in the summer time, it’s common to wait for hours. 
I definitely recommend buying a ticket online. 
Keep in mind that they have a limited number of tickets for each time slot, so don’t wait too long to buy or you may be stuck in that loooooong line. 
We got quite a few less-then-friendly looks from those in the line when we bypassed the entire queue and went right in. 
C’est la vie (insert Gallic shrug here).For some inexplicable reason, the site says you must print your tickets if you buy them online. 
Given that most visitors to the catacombs are tourists with limited or no access to a printer, this seems particularly silly, but what can you do? Luckily, we were in a hotel with a small business center so we printed our tickets there.Online tickets cost quite a bit more (27€ compared to 12€ for adults and 10€ for those age 26 or under). 
Totally worth it if that works with your budget. 
Online tickets also come with an audio guide. 
If you buy tickets at the door, the guide is an extra 5€.It’s a nice cool 14°C (57°F) down there, a lovely break from the hot summer weather above. 
It is damp in places and the ground can be slippery so watch your step as you walk.""As Julie kept asking question after question, all I could think of was how desperately I needed a normal, healthy relationship. 
As far as most of my relationships went, mine with Julie was great. 
But it was great in all the wrong places. 
There really wasn't much more to it than sex. 
Even though it was a mind-numbing, bathe-in-gasoline-to-slough-the-shame-from-my-soul kind of sex, it didn't matter. 
At the end of the day we were just objects to each other. 
We couldn't talk about anything else. 
We'd tried before, but it had usually led to an afternoon of power-fucking in every changing room on Rodeo Drive. 
It was a fun ride, but nothing more. 
And like every great ride, Julie was beautiful, fast, and could turn on a dime in the blink of an eye."I don't understand, Dingo." I couldn't tell if it was the 12 stitches over my eye giving me the headache or Julie's prattling. 
I bit off a stretch of red tape and put it over the empty socket where my taillight should have been while I balanced the phone between my shoulder and swollen cheek."Julie, I told you. 
Darby took the box.""I get that, but--.""The box my dad hand-carved just before he died." I could feel the two edges of skin stitched together pull at each other every time my jaw moved."Yes, yes, and the box protects your family's dirty little secret or your mother's pride and joy or whatever the hell it is you're calling it this week.""Hey, I told you not to go digging--. 
""I don't care what it is, Dingo! I couldn't give a shit about that damn box or what's inside. 
The only thing I want to know is what the fuck your ex-wife was doing there."So there it was. 
And I thought she was jealous just because somebody else got to beat the living crap out of me for a change. 
"Julie, I didn't even know she was in town until after I was in the hospital.""As U.S. 
political candidates make their final appeals, voters in 35 states will decide policy issues Tuesday that include legalizing recreational use of marijuana and restricting access to guns and ammunition, voting yes or no on nearly 160 state ballot initiatives.California's Proposition 64, which is leading in the polls, could create a multibillion-dollar marijuana industry by legalizing the recreational use the drug for adults in the state. 
Similar measures are on the ballot in Arizona, Nevada, Maine and Massachusetts.Marijuana could be legalized for medical use in Florida and three other states. 
Medical marijuana is already permitted in half the 50 U.S. 
states, and recreational use is allowed in Alaska, Colorado, Washington state, Oregon and the District of Columbia.Marijuana is banned under federal law, but U.S. 
officials have taken a hands-off approach on the issue.Voters in Maine and Nevada are considering measures that would expand background checks for gun purchases, which is already required for buying guns from dealers, by extending the provision to private sales.Californians will consider measures requiring background checks for buyers of ammunition and banning high-capacity ammunition magazines.Washington state has a measure that would allow the courts to bar the sale of guns to individuals deemed an extreme risk to themselves or others.Californians are considering whether to eliminate the death penalty with Proposition 62, or to maintain capital punishment and make the process more efficient with Proposition 66, which supporters say makes it more fair to victims of violent crimes.Twenty states and the District of Columbia have abolished or overturned capital punishment on the grounds that it is unequally applied to minority populations and that innocent people are sometimes convicted.South Dakotans will decide whether to make statewide offices nonpartisan and create a citizens commission to redraw voting districts after each 10-year national census, removing the task from legislators, said by critics to be self-interested.""As a day trip from Brussels (only a half hour train),  I’ve found that either many people haven’t heard of Ghent, preferring to explore the chocolate box streets of Bruges, or they adore Ghent so much that when a blogger (me) visits, they spam them via instastories with recollections of days spent there and memories made. 
True story.Disclaimer: I was a press guest of VisitFlanders in Ghent, but all planning, mischief and thoughts are all mine.We fell into the former camp on our trip to Brussels and explored Bruges, but genuinely regretted only being able to fit one city in, vowing to return one day.Luckily an invite to explore Ghent appeared in my email inbox, so I gleefully accepted, hopping on the Eurostar one sleepy morning, and spending a long weeked gambolling through the streets (under blues skies and then grey clouds.)As guests of the tourism board, we were given city passes which allowed us to hop on the local transport (trams & busses), pop in and out of the museums and climb aboard a canal cruise, exploring the city by water.GALAVANT THROUGH THE GRAVESTEENWe didn’t galavant so much as gallop up through the castle, so intent we were on completing a challenge to the top, but strolled back down through exhibitions. 
The exhibits share the history of The quintessential 12th-century stone castle, which comes complete with moat, turrets and arrow slits.And the view from atop the towers? Well, it’s ok I guess.HOP ONTO A CANAL CRUISESit back, relax, and let the world glide by. 
The 40-minute tour included in the city card takes in the city by canal, led by a knowedgable driver/guide and is a lovely way to get to know the city a little bit better. 
There are also other operators, a couple of whom offer picnics as you float through the medieval city.""As a mother, I’m right now navigating the hardest moment with my two daughters and my son …I was raped at 15 and molested by a teacher from 15–16 … it took 13 years of fighting before I saw any justice for those crimes and it paled in comparison to having to live with that trauma for the last 25 years.I thought I had moved past it for the most part, thanks to supportive family and lots of counseling and medication to treat my treatment resistant depression I’ve struggled over the last 25 years. 
I will be 40 this year.My son, the oldest, turned 15 this year … the same age I was when it began. 
I see how young he is and recognized for the first time just how young I had been when I was abused. 
That was really hard for me, emotionally.Now, I look at my two girls, ages 9 and 3, and worry for their safety - probably more than I should, but understandable given what I went through. 
We have had lots of “body safety” talks and my older daughter understands the very basics of what I went through, mainly because I have spent a great part of this past year writing a memoir about my experiences and have begun speaking publicly about what I went through and what it means to be a survivor. 
This is challenging because it’s hard to talk about and explain to a child in a way that they understand without making them fear the world. 
I struggle with this often.I’ve chosen to use it as an opportunity to teach them about activism and the power of speaking the truth, what it means to be a survivor instead of a victim. 
I hope they grow up and see just how strong their mother is and how she has worked in the community to raise awareness and help others.""As a new year is just around the corner, I, like many of you, am taking stock in my life.What I’ve done and what I’d like to do.How I’ve spent my time and how I want to use it going forward.I have goals for blogging, my Jamberry business, my health, homeschooling, and for my family.As I have pondered where I want things to go and how I can successfully make that happen, I have learned that I need to manage my time and energy differently in order to be successful in each area.The main obstacles standing in my way are, ironically, working from home and having my children with me 24/7.But, that was my choice and I’m sticking to it.My goal is to embrace these obstacles by approaching them in different ways.Work at Home Tips for SuccessWork at home tips can be implemented or not, depending on my needs.I am sure the same will be true for you.You may not need to get healthier or may not want to homeschool your children. 
So, your daily routine will be different from mine.However, I think these work at home tips can help any individual out there looking for more guidance.Work at Home Tip #1Be productive.Well, duh! Of course that’s what we would like to do, but have you ever worked all day and by the end of it, you have no idea what you really did?This likely means you are spending your time on things, but not on the most important things.For example, if your goal is to generate income, you want to be carving out time for income generating activities, not reorganizing a shelf or checking a facebook group for information.If your goal is to write a book, you want to be get ideas on paper or develop the plot, not have coffee to discuss your latest and greatest read with your bestie.""As a nurse, what is the most difficult news you have ever had to break to a patient?Sadly in my job (Ob/gyn nurse) there is one thing I have to report fairly often, that a pregnancy is not going to happen. 
Sometimes the mom’s are bleeding and they kind of know that this is going to happen, but sometimes, they are not bleeding and it is a gut punch without any warning. 
This can be an ultrasound that shows no heartbeat or a lab test that is declining.Nothing is worse than the look on a woman’s face when she is looking forward to her first glimpse of her baby only to be told that the baby is not alive. 
It doesn’t get any easier, no matter how many times you do it.My own daughter called me one day to announce she was pregnant and two days later, we found out she was miscarrying and I bawled all day. 
I never even knew this baby, but now, 15 years later, just writing this now is making my eyes water.I have to do a lot of this over the phone and that makes it even harder because I am not able to offer comfort and I don’t know where they are or what they are doing when they get this news. 
If they call me for their lab results, they might be driving, they might be walking around the mall, they will have to call their significant other and break the news, such difficult conversations to have over the phone.I have been very, very lucky that the few times I have seen advanced pregnancies that underwent a fetal demise were handled by the physicians that I have worked with. 
I can’t imagine being almost ready to deliver and having all your hopes and dreams crushed. 
Obstetricians sometimes have the very best job, bringing new lives into the world and seeing the new families bonding, but sometimes they also have the very worst job.""As academic work is becoming arguably more precarious and competitive, shorter contracts are becoming the norm, and the number of people completing PhDs in the UK is increasing, the risks associated with researching academia are high. 
This post discusses and explores my experiences of being a PhD student researching women’s lived experiences of research evaluation in the UK, and my thoughts on and experiences of interviewing very senior and esteemed academics as a junior researcher.My PhD study explored research evaluation in the form of the Research Excellence Framework (REF) – a weighty force in UK academia – the outcomes of which, I argue, hold the potential to alter the course of an academic career considerably, as well as playing a role in the type of work that some academics do, particularly given the REF impact agenda.There is currently an international trend towards research evaluation with programmes such as the Excellence in Research for Australia (ERA), the Performance-Based Research fund in New Zealand (PBRF), and equivalents in countries including Denmark, Switzerland and the Netherlands. 
What is clear is that there is not enough qualitative, exploratory research into the effects of research evaluation on academic careers, especially for women, and so my PhD study was born. 
My findings suggest that research evaluation in the UK actively contributes to the continuance of gender inequality regimes in the academy, and that the ability to negotiate managerial control and be politically savvy is increasingly important in the academic world.Before embarking on my PhD, I was acutely aware of the sensitivity of my research, as well as my own positionality with regards to my participants. 
Reflection is and was an important element in the research process for me, as it allowed me to reflect on the effects of the self on the research process and, ultimately, also on the data, as well as the various power dynamics discernible during interviews for my study. 
I was continually taken aback by participants’ generosity and kindness towards me, with many offers of help for proofreading, general career tips, and encouragement. 
There was a shared understanding of, and empathy with, the difficulties of the PhD process, and not only was this helpful to me as a scholar, but also as an individual."